* Meetings tomorrow between the 618th AOC and MIT/LL (no need for the 577th to support)
* `anchore-scans` are timing out in the pipeline (a ticket has been put in to resolve)
* Emily at LL is having issues with CVEs
* Tim mentioned that we need a feedback mechanism for when the AI is wrong
	* I mentioned that a table on the admin console that reported that could be good so we can have a record of mishaps
	* 
